I've never seen so much before
angry comments
they made you think about
dependencies
my hands they got out of control
i woke up at night cold sweat and they
kept gesticulating i was walking down the street
waving his arms and scaring grandmas with
on a bench
some called me a monster and others called me
I began to hate my hands
my life turned into a time to be
overcome this addiction
hello everyone my name is Roma and you
see leading mobile analytics on
site reddit dot ru
the most subjective transmission of the latest
events of the world android this week can not
was called eventful and
so today on the agenda of the leak
nexus 5
from Russia with love secret messages from
google
when to wait for announcements of new products fitness watches
from iota my sweet shine creative advertising
gg2 will humiliate your smartphones we already know about
the upcoming nexus 5 almost everything starting
on technical specifications and
ending prices
however, the fact that one of
his photos happened in russia
social network vkontakte in the group
Apples dedicated to the apple appeared post
with photos of the smartphone judging by
operator Beeline geotagging and general
the entourage in the authenticity of the pictures is not
I had to doubt and they are lightning fast
spread on the internet but the question is
where does the author come from?
Karmazin replied that his father works in
google and brought home such here
a toy
shortly after this the cyril page was
renamed and then completely deleted
it looks like father didn't like the behavior
son who felt
edward snowden and now someone
will have to go through the bark belt by the way
google play and nexus 5 too
managed to light up thanks to this became
it is known that the model is 16 gigabytes
memory will cost 349 dollars
you were not slowing down and constantly
stirs the interest of users to
nexus 5 and android kitkat
but still a mystery date
presentations of new products the other day in his
tweeted company nestle published
message with text evribadi dance science
and users immediately turned on sherlock
holmes and began their investigation then
another tweet appeared with the text you need
study the signs and the picture and that's it
users saw a hint at
the movie michael jackson that's all
which premiered on October 28
previously the date of the presentation was called 14
October and then October 18
However, these dates were not confirmed .
now we will wait for the 28th and
hope that this day we all
show and tell
there is another date is October 24th
this day google planned
event night with google play
what will be discussed there but unknown
but do not exclude the possibility that
we will finally be shown the android kitkat
iota company on its website opened
pre-order fitness hours shine new
will allow to follow all the necessary
data whether walking jogging swimming
calories burned or sleep phases for
data synchronization is required
special application for smartphones
blown elleyise can already download shane in
appstore
but the owners android will have
wait until January 1
in order to sync shane with
your smartphone must be put
devices to display on a few
seconds
my sweet Shine is equipped 12 years
indicators by which you can
find out what time it is
Double tap on the device and if you do
1 tab then you will know what percentage of
daily allowance you have already fulfilled
watches are made of aviation
aluminum and not afraid of water it works
miracle from standard lithium batteries
which is enough for four months
continuous development work
device responds start up my sweet
willow
based in San Francisco Price
pre-order until November 1 on the site is
will be 4900 rubles and after the start
sales in points of sale iota 5490
rubles, the company fuji decided outside the box
approach the promotion of your new
flagship g2 creating an unusual banner
advertising device owners will please
window with the inscription can not read from
your iphone
buy lg g2 with a diagonal of 5 and 2 inches
owners of smartphones htc bath remembers
about a weak battery and tell you what
lg g2 pro runs at 30 percent
longer
but the owners of samsung galaxy s4 will know
that their eight-core processor is not
they will see a cool banner with text
tired while your galaxy will handle
information gg2 works for 20 percent
faster too such an idea
cool and she plays on feelings
see if this helps users.
advertising increase awareness lg g2
google play music learned and
recommend music based
user preferences tab
you will like it now
generated playlists based on
history of your auditions owner
samsung galaxy s4 steel smartphone
complain that the batteries are in their
smartphones began to swell and stopped
samsung keep charge already
recognized the existence of the problem and now
exchanges battery for free
their service centers guys from the resource
android police once again
dig into google source code
glass and found new smart teams there
points under the voice command will be able to
assign calendar events call
taxis take panoramic pictures find out
song titles launch applications
translate texts and more
google report quarter 3 of this year
the company's total revenue was 15
million dollars which is 12 percent
higher than last quarter and on
I rush to say goodbye to you dear
friends do not forget to put big
thumbs up subscribe to our channel
love google and believe in good
and in the comments write what you think
about the design nexus 5 what else
see you bye bye
huita huita huita bayan